-(screaming)
-* Bad boys *
-* Whatcha want,
whatcha want *
* Whatcha gonna do *
-* When the Sheriff John Brown
come for you? *
-Stop! Now! Stop!
-(clattering)
-Heads up!
-* Bad boys, bad boys,
whatcha gonna do... *
I smoked some marijuana!
I'm a marijuana smoker!
-* Bad boys, bad boys *
-Crawl out!
* Whatcha gonna do... *
-Hands up! Hands up!
Hold it! Hold it!
-Announcer:
"Cops" is filmed on location
with the men and women
of law enforcement.
All suspects are innocent
until proven guilty
in a court of law.
-I became a police officer
because I wanted to be able
to help my community
and work with people.
There's a lot of people
that need assistance,
and I wanted to be able
to better...
uh, better my community
and better the people
that I work with.
-(radio chatter)
-Going to a carjacking,
that, uh... subject just took
a car at gunpoint
at a, uh, shopping plaza.
-(radio chatter)
-Described as a Hispanic male
carjacked the vehicle
with a gun.
-Running, running on the right.
-Okay, I got it.
Get out here.
-(radio chatter)
-(engine racing)
-You guys got the car?
-Let's go up with it,
go up with it, move, move.
-I can't see! I can't see!
-Watch-- Watch that side.
It's clear, it's clear,
it's clear.
Go through. Go through.
-(radio chatter)
-(siren wailing)
-Driver! Come on!
-That was the vehicle!
-Stay!
-(siren wailing)
-He ducked through
the backyard.
-Okay.
He went in the backyard
over here.
Watch over there!
-Where? Which one?
-The one right in the middle.
-The one right here!
He jumped foot, right here!
-Watch your corner.
Stay deep, stay deep,
stay deep.
We do have K-9's en route
to this location, right?
There's a possibility
that he may be back here.
We don't wanna walk through
because of the fact
that he has the gun.
Right now we're waiting
for a K-9 unit to arrive,
and we're gonna clear this
with the K-9.
-He's saying
nobody's home, Tony.
-Last we heard was
he jumped the fence
into this backyard.
Again, it's a subject
that's armed with a gun.
He carjacked a vehicle.
So we're gonna clear it
with the K-9.
-Ready?
-Mm-hm.
-Get the wall right here.
-(sirens in distance)
-Show yourself or you're
gonna get bit!
Make sure we got people
posted on that wall.
-Hey, right there!
There he is!
There he is,
on top of the house!
He's right here!
-Oh, got him running north.
-All right, come on!
-(horse whinnying)
-(dog barking)
-Watch that gate.
-(horse whinnying)
-I got it.
-Looks like he's going west.
-Northeast bound
-No, he went this way.
-He went to the right.
-Yeah, right.
-He went to the right,
where you're at, Stahl.
-He went right.
Right there.
-I think they got him.
Don't they?
-He might be here.
-You're gonna get bit
by the K-9! You better come out!
You better come out
or you're gonna get bit!
-(dog barking)
-Get your hands up!
Hands up!
-(clattering)
-(man yelling)
-(bleeping)
-Hey! Get on the ground!
-Get on the ground!
-(man yells)
-Let him-- Let him
get the dog off.
-(groaning)
-He hasn't been checked
yet, guys. Keep his hands.
Keep his hands.
Where's the gun?
-It wasn't my gun.
-Where is it?
-Where'd you throw it?
-I don't want some little kid
walking home from school
and finding it!
-I don't have it.
-Here, stand him up.
Stand him up. He's gonna
walk (indistinct).
-Stand up, all right?
-Has anybody...
got the victim?
-Nobody else outstanding.
-What was the deal today, man?
-Nothing, really.
-Nothing, really?
Were you just driving
the car, just wanted
a ride?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
Why the gun?
-I just thought it would be
much easier.
-Less resistance
from the people
you took the car from?
-Yeah.
-You know how dangerous
that can be, right?
-Yeah.
-Carlos?
Listen to me, Carlos.
You understand the most
important thing right here
is to retrieve that weapon.
-Yeah.
-Okay? And your safety.
-It must be in the car,
most likely.
Understand that we're getting
the fire department to come out
here and talk to you.
That's our number one concern
is you getting treated, okay?
-All right.
-But understand this.
Where I'm gonna keep
harping on this, is
the gun that was used--
if it's not in the car,
we need to find that.
-All right.
-That's very imperative, okay?
-You keep saying "most likely."
Did you leave the car
with the gun?
-Yeah, I left it in the car.
-Where at in the car?
-It's probably, like,
on the left seat.
-Under the-- I'm sorry?
-On the left seat,
under the driver's seat.
-Under--?
-Left it on the driver's seat?
Underneath the driver's seat
or on the driver's seat?
-On the left seat,
it's on the side.
-On the side?
-So it's in the compartment
on the driver's door?
-Yeah.
-All right, Carlos.
We're just gonna have you
come over
in this other vehicle. Okay?
We're gonna go over
and talk with the victim now.
Hi, ma'am.
Tell me real quick
what happened.
-Okay.
I went to the store
on 67th Avenue
and Bethany, Fry's Market.
I proceeded to open the door.
-Okay.
-And then I felt a tug
on my door, and I turned around,
and I saw this kid. I said,
"Well, what do you want?"
-And so he--
-And-- And he tugged again.
He tugged on the door again,
and he opened it.
-What did he say to you?
-He says, "Get out of your car."
-Okay.
-I said, "What do you want?"
He said, "Get out of your car."
-Was he holding the gun
at that point in time?
-At that point, I--
I didn't realize he had the gun
until I looked down like this,
and I saw it.
-Thank you.
-When I arrived, I saw him
in the vehicle, and, uh,
when we approached the vehicle,
it took off, and then
it ended up crashing over here.
-Okay.
So you can see in the map door
of the driver's door right here,
you can see the top portion
of the semi-automatic gun
sitting in that compartment
right there.
So he says it's the gun
that he used,
and it's right where
he told us it was gonna be at.
-Thank God that the victim
wasn't hurt in this case.
-Hm. Yeah.
So we'll get that collected,
and then, uh, we'll probably
get it processed.
-And, uh, he's looking at, uh,
another investigative lead
in another carjacking
that happened, I believe,
yesterday or early
this morning as well.
-Okay.
-Okay, Carlos?
-It's not even like a real gun.
It's just a pellet gun.
-Just a pellet gun? All right.
-Yeah.
-And you didn't know the person
you took the car from?
-No, I didn't know her at all.
All right.
And you used a gun to do it?
The pellet gun?
-Yeah.
-So that led us up
to this point?
You know how dangerous
that can be, right?
You just wanted a ride.
-Yeah.
-Basically, is what
it comes down to, huh?
All right.
Okay, well, um...
your charges at this point
in time is for the carjacking,
um, and, uh, probably
the armed robbery as well.
-So multiple felonies.
-Multiple felonies.
-Okay.
-I really do love my job.
I love to hunt.
I love to get out there
and look for the guns
and the drugs and the action.
But it's not the same feeling
that you get helping somebody.
My calm demeanor in talking
to them and explaining
step by step
how the process works
and, you know, you see
that relief
that comes from them,
like, okay, it's not so bad.
We're heading to a breach
of peace.
Um, there was a--
Dispatch gave us a description
of a male and female,
physical, in the parking lot
at the Waffle House.
My supervisor arrived on scene
first, and she said there was
a vehicle leaving the scene.
She actually just called out
on the radio that she's got
the vehicle stopped.
So, we're trying to get
to the complaint and determine
if in fact we do have a crime
that has been committed.
As of now all we know
is, uh, a male and female
were physical.
-(radio chatter)
-Hey, now, that man,
he hit both of us in our mouth!
-Okay.
-And I'm pressing charges.
-He hit my cousin in her mouth
and she's (bleep) bleeding.
Okay. I know you're upset,
but talk to me.
Do you know this guy?
-No! And he rubbed
my (bleep)! No!
-You guys were just arguing?
-No, I don't even know him!
-Ma'am, let me take a look
at your mouth, are you bleeding?
-I don't even know
this (bleep) man.
He just got up and hit me.
-Can I--
-(bleep)
-Can I have an ambulance
come and check you out, ma'am?
Can I have an ambulance
come check you out?
-I wanna go home.
I don't even know what
the (bleep) you fighting for.
-Do you wanna press charges?
-He just hit me! That's it!
-I'm sitting inside, eating...
-Okay, okay, okay.
-I'm trying to get her
to come in the car,
and they out here trying
to fight with this (bleep) man
for nothing.
-Okay...
-I don't know what the (bleep)
who I know!
-Do you want me to get
an ambulance here
to check you out?
-Yes! I'm ready to go home!
-And you guys said you both
wanna press charges?
-Yes! I'm pressing charges!
-Okay.
Ma'am, can I talk to you
for just a second over here?
Is that your vehicle
or her vehicle?
-No, that's her vehicle.
-And you don't know him,
you said?
-He was talking to her.
-Okay.
-And he said that we stole
something from him,
which we would never--
-Do you know him at all?
-Never seen him.
Seen him at the club,
that was it, and then
he was here.
-At the strip club?
-Yeah, at the strip club.
She was talking to him--
-Which one, Babe's?
-The, uh-- Yeah, Babe's.
-Okay.
-She was talking to him,
and he just--
he came to the car
and told me that.
-While you were in the car?
-While I was in the car.
He told me that.
-Okay.
-Ripped my (bleep) clothes off.
-And then from there...?
-And then he tried to--
-How did he go
to hitting vehicles together,
what happened there?
-'Cause she jumped in the car,
so he tried to hit the vehicle.
-Okay.
-And he opened and snatched
it open and hit her.
-Okay.
-So I don't know, he--
-Opened the door and hit her?
-He opened the door
and hit her, 'cause he was
trying to get us in the car.
-Okay. When, uh,
EMS gets here, I'll have 'em
check you out, too...
-Damn...
-...just to make sure
there's nothing major.
Try to calm down,
and hang tight for a second.
We'll get some more information
from you, all right?
-Okay.
Did you see
everything that happened?
-Everything. Everything.
-Okay, great.
-She's probably gonna be 10-15,
so don't let her go anywhere.
In the pink.
-In the pink? Okay.
-For sure.
-I was right there,
and then right here
in the middle,
she was backing up
and going forward
and then trying to get him.
So he opened up the car
and hooked her a couple times.
You know, to make her stop,
and then she drove off
into the bushes over there.
And then backed back out,
and then that's when
the female came in here,
went around, went after
that vehicle over there.
-Were you inside
or you're outside already?
-No, I'm outside,
I pull in here, and I hear
a bunch of screaming
and hollering,
and them two
were in a fight inside.
-Okay.
-The vehicle was parked
right here.
-They were initially
right in the front row?
-They were in a fight.
-Was that the girl
in the pink or was that
the driver
that's in the vehicle?
-No, the girl in the pink
got out and started walking,
and them two started
fighting again.
-Okay.
-So then he picks her up,
slams her, and then she
gets into my bag
and starts taking
aftershave and everything else.
Whack! Hit him in the head
with it, and then that episode.
-Okay.
-And then, they made it
over there.
It was a mutual beat-ass,
you know?
-While it's all fresh
on your mind, I'm gonna get you
a written, sworn statement
real quick.
-After watching the video
and the witness statements,
independent witnesses, I think
we should go over there
and talk to her,
and we have enough
for breach of peace.
So we'll go, uh, hook her up
and go from there.
-Hey.
-Takia, I'm gonna explain
to you in just a second here.
Um, just need you
to turn around.
You can set your phone down.
-Go ahead and put
your cigarette down for me.
-Put your cigarette out, please.
Thank you.
We'll explain to you
in just a second
exactly everything
that's going on, all right?
All right,
don't pull against me, just...
Just face forward, thank you.
I am gonna place you
under arrest for breach of peace
for the altercation
that occurred.
-Mm-hm.
-I'll explain a little more
in just a second here,
but that's where we're at
right now, all right?
There we go. Thank you.
-Got it.
All right.
Come over here, please.
-But he hit my cousin.
-That was way after
you started the altercation.
-Mm-hm.
-So, if it wouldn't have been
for that beginning,
we wouldn't be where
we are now, all right?
Any questions?
-No, ma'am.
-Okay, thank you.
-So what we're gonna
go ahead and do is
we're gonna go ahead
and back out of here.
We're gonna let you
go ahead and leave.
Soon as I give you a report
number, you'll be free to leave.
-Okay.
-Okay?
-Hello?
-How are you doing, sir?
I'm Officer Williams
with the Fort Myers
Police Department.
Um, once you got
to the Waffle House,
what started
the fight initially?
-What started the fight
was that she took my hat
and, like, I was trying
to take it back from her.
But at the same time, like,
she wanted money,
but I didn't wanna
give it to her, so she started
kicking my car and stuff
like that, so, like,
I kept on try--
-Which one was it
that was kicking your car?
-Um, like, the one
with the pink...
-Like a jumpsuit kind of?
-Yeah, yeah, her.
-Okay.
And that's what happened
to your taillight?
-Yeah, that's what happened
to my taillight.
Plus, the driver kept on trying
to hit my car...
-Mm-hm.
-...with her car
and stuff like that.
-Okay.
Were you in your car
at that time?
-No, like, I was outside
of the car.
-And you're standing there
as she was trying to...
-What-- What I was doing,
I was dodging it,
just trying not
to get hit from her car.
-Were you in fear
for your safety at that time?
-Of course I was.
Like at one point, like,
they was, inside of my car,
like at one point--
-She said something
about her phone.
Where did that come into play?
-She-- What she saying was,
like, she was trying to dance
for me.
-Uh-huh.
-Um, like at Babe's,
like she accidentally...
-That was at Babe's,
not at Waffle House?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Okay,
she didn't tell me that.
-At Babe's, like,
she cracked her phone there,
but-- but she said,
like, she was trying to dance
for me, and, like, she felt like
I should have to pay
for her phone.
-Did you agree to it
at any point in time?
No. She scratched me
on my neck, and, like,
she broke my taillight--
-Was that at Babe's
when she scratched you
and everything, too?
-No, like, that was
at the Waffle House.
-Once you got
to the Waffle House, okay.
-Mm.
-I don't know if anybody's
informed you or not,
but she is under arrest,
the female that was
in the pink.
Um, we've determined her
to be an aggressor,
and she's under arrest,
with two of our other officers
right now.
I'm not taking you to jail
or anything for breach
of peace.
It's pretty well clear-cut
that you were trying
to get outta there, so...
Take it as a lesson learned,
I mean, hanging out
at the strip club.
It's fun and everything,
but you kinda make yourself
vulnerable hanging out
with strangers, and...
-Yeah.
-So...
-Yeah, that's what happens, man.
Thank you, man, I appreciate it.
-Absolutely. I appreciate
your cooperation.
-I've been a cop for about, uh,
six years.
I'm part of a proactive
detective narcotic unit
that goes out
and actively seeks
drug dealers
and people that commit
violent crimes.
Uh, part of my, uh, duties,
I do backup, uh, patrol
when they call for um,
you know, a second unit,
involved in fights
or something violent.
All right, so we had an officer
call out for another unit
for a second, so...
you could hear the guy
yelling on the radio,
so we're gonna, uh,
go back them up, see
if they need any more help.
What's up?
-How's it going?
-Good.
He thought I wasn't
paying attention when he decided
to make a flinch move at me.
-And did you plan
to ride home right now?
-Yeah, it's like
three blocks away.
-I turn around and there's a car
almost ran him over.
-Okay.
-Because he has no lights,
he has no reflectors
on his bike
so you didn't see him.
So I stop him and go
to start talking to him,
-Yeah...
-...and immediately
the attitude starts right there.
-Okay.
-I get his information,
and he's giving me lip
'cause I'm taking down
his information, calling him in,
and as I'm looking down
to call it in, he does
this flinch at me right there,
so I stuffed everything
in my pocket, pulled him
off the bike.
-Sure. Absolutely.
-Cuffed him, asked him
what his, uh, problem is
there, why he's making
flinch moves at me, if he's
wanting to fight or what.
And, uh, detained him
for the time being--
-Do you not like
the police or...?
What's up, man?
-I don't know, I was just--
seeing I felt like it,
right then.
-Like to fight
a police officer?
-He said he's got ADHD--
-No, I been watching
"Dragon Ball Z" last night.
-Okay.
-And... it was just--
It's nighttime, I'm
on a bike ride.
All I came out for
was a bike ride.
-Sure.
-And, uh, I thought
I could get away
with flinching.
-Is there, like, a reason
you did it or is it,
"Dragon Ball Z" got you
hyped up, or...
-No, I was just
being questioned,
and you know, I'm kind
of the guy, I didn't feel like
being questioned.
-Got it.
-And, uh, I do martial arts.
-Okay.
-Tai chi.
-Cool.
-And so-- And I work hard
at it.
-Cool.
-I'm an impressive person, and
I think I made the wrong move.
-Okay.
Well, I would think so, right?
We're not out here to hurt you.
We wanna help you,
and I know this officer
stopped you 'cause
he didn't want you
to get hit by a car.
-Yeah. You're right.
I apologize, Officer.
(chuckles)
I'm not rude.
-No, okay.
-And I wasn't being rude.
-Sure.
-You got anything
in your pockets?
-I don't know.
I don't want any cop
to check out my pockets
right now.
-You don't want any cop
to check out your pockets?
-No.
-Do you use-- Do you use, uh--
Do you use drugs at all?
-No.
-Okay.
Show me what you did
to this officer.
Show me what you did to him.
-I went like this...
-You did that?
-...when I thought
he wasn't looking.
-Okay, you're under arrest.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say or do
can be used against you
in the court of law.
You have the right
to the presence of an attorney.
If you can't afford an attorney,
one will be appointed to you
before questioning.
Do you understand your rights?
-But he was far away from me.
-Well, you can't do that
and intimidate a police officer
like that.
That's against the law.
-No, it was far away.
-How far away were you?
-About almost as close
as we are now.
-That's in your personal bubble.
-Yeah. Oh, yeah.
-So wouldn't you say
that that would be something
implicating that you would like
to fight this officer?
-No.
-Let me see your eyes.
Don't kick me.
-No, he does that bull,
like he's gonna charge
or something.
-Okay.
-At this time we're gonna
check your pockets.
-So you really didn't want us
to go in your pockets,
'cause you didn't want us
to find nail polish?
-Yeah, and cigarettes.
I am a member
of the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Day Saints.
Why didn't you want
your dad finding this stuff
in your room?
-Nail polish?
'Cause I don't think
he likes it very much.
-Emma?
-Who's Emma?
-That's Hermione
from "Harry Potter."
She's popular.
That's why I got that.
-Okay.
-Well, look, man, when
you deal with the police--
we're good guys, man,
we're not out here
to hurt you
or do anything with you.
But it's unacceptable for you
to-- to kind of challenge
an officer, you know
what I mean?
-Yeah. I-- I'm embarrassed
that he caught me.
-Well, I mean, it's okay,
people get stopped,
and we deal with people
all the time.
But you can't-- you can't,
you know, provoke a fight.
-Yeah. I'm lucky
he didn't slam me.
-I know, he's a lot
bigger than you, you know
what I mean?
What kind of martial arts
do you do?
-Tai chi and karate.
-Karate?
What kind of karate?
-I'm training myself.
Regular.
-Do you do like
Youtube videos or--?
-No.
-Just-- Where do you t--
Where do you learn?
Just, friends or--?
-Out in the yard.
Kinda just self-taught?
-Yep.
-Yeah?
How's that going?
-Good.
-What-- What belt are you?
Are you the white belt
or the green belt?
-Well, I can use hard energy,
which is a secret form
of mental power.
-Okay.
-But it's taken me 10 years.
It's extremely powerful.
-Have you ever
been arrested before?
-Um, no.
-You've never been arrested?
-No.
-Ever?
This is your first time?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-(radio chatter)
-(over radio):
...for petty larceny.
The second is showing
cautions of history
of obstruction in his state
of Nevada--
-I thought you'd never
been arrested?
-Yeah.
-I thought you never
used drugs.
-Why do you lie?
Why lie? Right?
-I don't use drugs.
-Well, you got a drug warrant
out of Lyon County.
-Yeah, I know.
They're freaked out
and thought I had drugs.
-You didn't have drugs?
-No, that-- Well--
-And what about
the stealing warrant?
You got a stealing warrant,
you got a petty larceny warrant,
you have a drug warrant,
you have a traffic warrant.
Um, you have these charges.
-Those are all stuff
from somewhere else that was
weird things--
-So why do you--
Why do you try to fight
the police?
What-- What is the deal
with complying with the police?
You have multiple--
multiple histories
with fighting the police.
What are you doing?
-I'm taking
a serious stand. Look.
-(laughs) That is a bad move,
moving on my partner
like that, dude.
-You need to relax.
-I can't stand up
and look at him?
-You need to relax.
-Stay right there.
-Relax.
-Widen your feet and relax.
-You got threatened by that?
-Actually, open the back door.
I'm done with him.
-I'm sorry if I pissed you off,
but you can't square up
to people like that, you know?
-Seriously.
-Don't worry about it.
-Right, well, I'm worried
about it.
I don't want you
to get hurt, okay?
-I'll see you.
-He-- He obviously has
some anger issues that need
to be addressed.
-Fighting the cops
should not be your outlet
for your anger issues.
-132 and Bush,
I've got him at gunpoint.
-Dispatcher:
Okay, gunpoint, 132 and Bush.
Cover is code three.
-(overlapping
police radio chatter)
-Dispatcher:
Okay, we'll still send
a code three.
-(theme music playing)